- [Instructor] I think you'll find this course
more valuable and memorable,
if you use the exercise files that are available to you
so that you can follow along and work with me.
Once you've downloaded the files
be prepared to open each project directory in IntelliJ.
As you can see here,
I've downloaded them to my desktop and unzipped them.
Let's take a look at the layout.
The exercise files are broken down into chapters.
Each chapter has a number of directories
that either say begin or end.
For example, 01_02_begin is the beginning state
of the code we'll be using for that lesson.
Whereas 01_02_end represents the ending state
with all the changes that will been made for that lesson.
This should provide an easy way of comparing
the state of your code against an expected state
as the video lesson comes to an end.
To load the source code in IntelliJ,
I will be using IntelliJ Community Edition.
First click the Open button,
then drill down into Exercise_Files, Chapter_01,
01_02_begin, and then select SpringBootProduction
with the folder selected and click Open.
You may be prompted with a dialogue that says,
"Trust project" and click to confirm that.
Additionally, you may notice
that there seem to be some type of error messages
displayed concerning invalid Gradle JVM configurations.
We'll be addressing those in the next video.
Now, there are a couple things
I want to show you at this point
that we'll be doing quite often.
First, the terminal window is at the bottom.
on a Mac or a Linux instance.
this will give you access to the terminal command line
or the Bash prompt.
On Microsoft Windows instances this terminal menu option
will give view access to the PowerShell command line.
We'll be doing the majority of our builds
with Gradle in this built in terminal.
The second thing I want to show you
is how to navigate your project code.
On the left side of the screen you'll see a button,
that if you click on, will expand and contract
the project menu items.
From here you can see the source code SpringBootProduction,
and inside of that our source.
For most folks taking this course,
I'm assuming you already know all this.
So thank you for your patience.
For everyone else, if you get lost,
or feel that you need to
re-download the exercise files again and start over,
you most certainly can do this.